Jeffrey Epstein was a billionaire New
York businessman whose vast wealth but
an arrogance that knew no limits dan the
consequences he acted as if he could
have anything he craved but what he
desired most was sex with young women
and girls for years he abused them at
will and such were the numbers of
victims Epstein exploited
he started trading them around the world
he masterminded a sex trafficking ring
which enabled his rich and influential
friends and associates to share in his
perversion remarkably those accused of
complicity in this scandal include His
Royal Highness Prince Andrew tonight
you'll hear shocking stories from very
brave women demanding justice among them
Virginia Roberts Zhu Frey who stumbled
into a dark and insidious world she had
no power to escape until she found
sanctuary in Australia today this
opulent Manhattan mansion sits empty
abandoned by its owner the disgraced and
now dead Jeffrey Epstein
it's hard it's really hard being back
here but Virginia Roberts Zhu Frey is
determined that Epstein's terrible
secrets will not be buried with him
being a kid I didn't even really realize
what world I was being brought into the
world within these walls was
inconceivable a horror house of sexual
abuse and international sex trafficking
I was abused by people that I can't even
mention here there there's a lot of
scars hidden behind those walls
it should be ripped down it should be
burned to the ground
some of my worst memories are from this
place Usami sweat a testimony about to
give will be the truth the whole truth
and nothing but the truth so help you
God
yes I good Jeffrey Epstein led a
privileged life his extraordinary wealth
on show around the world he had his own
fleet of planes a private island ranches
and mansions in New Mexico New York and
Paris
but in private Epstein had a dark and
insatiable sexual appetite for young
girls an obsession he shared with
like-minded wealthy and powerful friends
the people that were involved with
Jeffrey Epstein included some of the
richest and most politically powerful
people in the world including a member
of the British royal family
standing accused is the Queen's second
son Prince Andrew Virginia who now lives
in Australia says she was trafficked to
the Duke of York when she was just 17
Prince Andrew denies any wrongdoing any
knowledge of the epstein sex ring but
Virginia believes he should be punished
do you think Prince Andrews should go to
jail yes I think Prince Andrew she could
of jail I mean is he ever going to
probably not tonight
inside the epstein scandal piled the
powerful protected Jeffrey Epstein they
had enough evidence to lock him up for
decades and yet they essentially let him
go and betrayed almost vulnerably do you
have any idea of how many victims are
out there I would say it's in the
thousands I mean he was literally doing
this for over 20 years
[Music]
as a young child
Virginia's life was all about horses and
climbing trees more a tomboy than a
princess but then at seven she was
repeatedly sexually abused by a family
friend by 13 she had fallen victim to
two other pedophiles my life just
changed and it diminished that light
that was in me at 16 Virginia was
emerging from the darkness landing a job
as a locker room attendant at an
exclusive resort in Florida but what
Virginia couldn't know was that in 1999
her past would make her perfect prey for
Jeffrey Epstein and Glenn Maxwell
Epstein's partner and procurer of young
girls she just seemed very nice and she
said I've got a person that I know who's
actually looking for a traveling
masseuse and if you want I can get you
an interview with him
if he likes you we can get you educated
you'll be a real masseuse and you'll get
to travel and see the world and and you
know like she made it sound like it was
a dream come true and it wasn't instead
it was a trap but trustingly Virginia
told the couple of her past abuse this
was as Galan was teaching her how to
massage Epstein here at his Palm Beach
Island home that was for them the key
that unlocked the door to knowing how
broken I really was how quickly did they
act on that well so put it this way we
did the back of him we did the back of
Epstein and then when he turned over
that's when I was instructed to to
that's what I was instructed to get
undressed and and have sex with Jeffrey
Epstein
well keeneland Maxwell was participating
as well
you want to take a moment okay so your
abuse by both of them in your very first
encounter yeah I was abused by Gillan
and Epstein at 14 I was still in middle
school I was straight-a student
it's never even got a B I played the
first chair trumpet I was the captain of
the cheerleading squad
and then after I met Jeffrey I just
completely quit
this is where you were living for a
while yes this is where I was living
when I met Jeffrey Epstein Courtney
Wilde was just 14 when she met the 48
year old Epstein in 2001 at the time she
was living in this trailer park one of
West Palm Beach's poorest communities do
you believe that Jeffrey Epstein
targeted areas like this yeah definitely
targeted you know children like myself
that were vulnerable to him and his
money and we felt like we were being
helped and saved by him when altum Utley
he was just preying on us
just twelve kilometers away another
world awaited Courtney the luxurious
Palm Beach Island home of Epstein she
was brought here by another 14-year old
to make much-needed cash what were you
expecting to happen why did you think
you were coming here well I knew that I
was coming here to give a guy a massage
and to make $200 I did know that it was
never told to me that I would be
molested by this man or anything like
that inside Courtney very quickly
discovered the massage was just a cover
for something far more sinister we were
taken upstairs it was like a circular
stairwell that led to a hallway that led
to his bedroom
which the massage table was in his
bedroom bathroom you know he asked us to
get comfortable to just you know take
our clothes off to be in her bra and
panties were you abuse during that
session and so we would have massaged
him for about 30 minutes and then
whenever he was ready you know rolled
over and asked the person that brought
me to go downstairs and wait and once
that happened and that's when the sexual
abuse happened yes you're 14 in a
completely alien situation I mean
comprehensible position no how did you
react I just remember afterwards how I
felt walking down the stairs and I just
felt so dirty and so like just like a
piece of me had been taken a dirty I
felt it was like my dirty little secret
you know
Jeffrey Epstein was the master of
manipulation luring poverty-stricken
girls in with cash and feeding their
dreams of a better life by the time the
sexual abuse began many were too
invested in his promises to get out so
you know I have to ask this why why did
you go back as an adult I know it's
right to run but as a kid who had been
through what I had been through my life
already I guess the last thought that I
had was well this is what life's about
Epstein's desire for sex was insatiable
demanding at least three different girls
a day to massage him and in return be
molested in a perverted pyramid scheme
Epstein would pay extra for his victims
to find more girls for him the younger
the better you could tell his addiction
wasn't drugs or alcohol it was
definitely young girls and if I couldn't
bring him a girl when he didn't get his
obsession and he just would get so mad
how many girls do you think you brought
to Jeffrey Epstein I would say at the
minimum minimum 50 but anywhere from 50
to 70 girls
what were they righteous the same ages
of me 14 15 16 you know I just hold a
lot of guilt and shame for doing those
things and just to know that I had any
influence on that happening to somebody
else just you know it really is just
devastating and breaks my heart
did Jeff know anybody's real true age or
didn't care
these are just some of the girls from
Palm Beach hua lured into Epstein's evil
wid Raff's I can reassure of their young
voices retelling a police officer of
chillingly similar encounters with the
businessman you just start getting it
all excited and mister touching himself
despite these girls testimony in 2005
Jeffrey Epstein would go on to abuse and
scar countless more young girls that he
got away with it is a disgrace how he
did so is even worse why did this man
get to continue roam the streets freely
and sexually abuse other young girls
when you knew what he was doing this was
no secret coming up married girls as
young as 12 more depravity every place
he goes to he's already got people lined
up and makers making that happen
extend
six trafficking ring this is a real
photo and how a British Prince how many
times were you trafficked to him three
times he's implicated in a shameful
scandal at a relevant his with us at
some point is going to have to face the
music that's next on 60 minutes Jeffrey
Epstein was a man made of money
worth nearly a billion dollars but with
friends in high places he was not only
wealthy but extraordinarily influential
he was a sex trafficker a sex abuser and
he was virtually untouchable one of his
young victims Virginia Roberts adju Frei
experienced and witnessed the depravity
too many times this is New York
this is Palm Beach this is California
this is Paris this his London this is
where ever Epstein was touching down he
needed to have girls unconstant all in
every single state or every place that
he goes to he's already got people lined
up and makers making that happen
allegedly part of the sick Epstein
machine was jean-luc Brunel a model
agent based in Paris with access to
beautiful young girls girls he was happy
to deliver to Epstein girls ranged in
all different ages I mean there are
girls as young as 12 you have no doubt
he was having sex with a 12 year old I
was told by him that he was having sex
with 3 12 year olds sent by Jean Luc
pronounced and Jeffrey laughed about it
he laughed he thought it was funny
this is not just a story of terrible
sexual abuse but also an extraordinary
abuse of power where the enormous wealth
and influence of Jeffrey Epstein would
prove to have the ultimate say where
justice was not just ignored but
deliberately denied by the very people
who meant to stop him every single
institution in our society that is
supposed to protect the vulnerable
failed these survivors David Boies is
one of America's most prominent New York
lawyers he's representing nine epstein
victims including Virginia in their
fight to hunt down those who were a part
of Epstein sex trafficking ring the
scope and scale of which is
mind-boggling for all of the wealth and
the glamour and the you know the
beautiful mansion the gorgeous Island I
mean this was tawdry this was dark it's
a dark ugly situation and you know
behind the facade of charm and
sophistication it's like training over
rock and you just see the things
crawling
it was a bad
within nine months of meeting Epstein
and Glenn Maxwell Virginia was being
flown halfway around the world to have
sex with Epstein's wealthy associates a
little girl amongst a sea of men I was a
baby
stuck in a world where grown-ups were
allowed to do whatever they wanted and I
was lost I were you traffic that night
yeah I was traffic that night and so
began Virginia's new life still on coal
for Epstein but also for any friend he
chose I was trafficked to other
billionaires I was trafficked to
politicians professors even royalty it
was it was the elite of the world it was
the people who run the world it was the
most powerful people in the world why do
you think if stain did that to you he
used me as a form of blackmails so you
know these people would owe him favors
so you wanted to always have something
on someone just in case he needed it
Virginia has named the men she was
trafficked to in documents lodged with
the courts
the name that has caused the greatest
splash is Prince Andrew
the pair captured in this now-infamous
photograph taken in 2001 so as you know
Prince Andrew denies the allegations
against him and he says that this photo
is a fake that he was never there and
that is not his arm and they're not his
fingers those are his fingers that is
Andrew this photo has been verified as
an original and it's been since given to
the FBI and they've never contested that
it's a fake and I know it's real and he
needs to stop with all these lame
excuses were sick of hearing it this is
a real photo and that was the first time
he met him and that's the very first
time I met him and that's right before I
was abused by him
[Music]
Jeffrey Epstein and Glenn Maxwell took
the 17 year old Virginia to London to
party with Prince Andrew then we went to
club tramp and he danced with me and and
he sweats a lot he smells funny and then
and then we get in the car and Elin
tells me in the car that I have to do
what I do for Jeffrey for Prince Andrew
and that's when I learned what was going
to happen how many times were you
trafficked to him three times while
Prince Andrew denies the allegations
Virginia maintains she is telling the
truth after the encounter in London she
says she had sex with him again at
Epstein's New York mansion where she was
seen in his company by this witness
joanna shoberg another victim shoberg
claims Prince Andrew groped her breasts
that night the final time Virginia was
trafficked to Prince Andrew was here on
Epstein's private island in the
Caribbean was it just you and him in
that at that time no there there were a
lot of younger girls with us how many
young women with you that day or night I
believe there were eight did you have
any conversations with Prince Andrew
during those encounters not really
you're not even acknowledged as being
alive or there or important or or cared
for or worried about in any way none of
those human emotions were attached to to
me when I was trafficked to Prince
Andrew what about your emotions when
when you learnt you know after the first
time that it was to happen a second time
and then it was to happen a third time
what was your reaction to that disgusted
every time just absolutely disgusted
there wasn't one time that I was
trafficked to any individual that I
thought oh he's an okay guy I'm I was
always disgusted that there were so many
people involved and just highly
organized sex trafficking operation
Prince Andrew yes denies Virginia's
allegations
Prince Andrew says he was unaware of the
sex trafficking but he spent days in
Epstein's New York mansion where the sex
trafficking was rampant you could not
spend time there and not know what was
going on
lawyer David Boies has written to Prince
Andrew asking for his side of the story
with no response but whether it's
voluntary or forced David Boies
ascertain Prince Andrew will have to
answer for his friendship with Epstein
at some point he's going to have to face
the music at some point he's going to
have to testify he can't hide forever
are you sure about that you know he's a
very powerful man from a very powerful
family and it doesn't seem like the UK
authorities they would all interested in
pursuing him no and if he wants to stay
in a locked up you know and a palace and
not travel outside the UK maybe he can
escape a reckoning and he can't travel
to the United States without being
prepared to testify is that the case
right now that he can't come to the
United States he can't come to the
United States but he comes to the United
States he could be served with a
subpoena he could be yes
would he be I think that's quite likely
I mean at a minimum he's a witness I
mean even if even if people were not
suing him directly at a minimum and he's
in
witness so I think if he came to the
United States now it is quite likely
that he would be served with process
coming out we were able to amass a whole
wealth of evidence we knew it all
Jeffrey Epstein exponent is it true sure
that you have what's been described as
an egg-shaped penis but power and
influence me started with the secret
plea deal that Jeffrey was offer there's
no stopping the directive to shut it
down came to the highest levels from DC
miss moneybags monster people need to be
held accountable it's not okay to
sexually abuse anybody that's next on 60
minutes
[Music]
Jeffrey Epstein could have been stopped
a decade and a half ago
[Music]
his murky mossad ruse enabled by
inducement and intimidation was
uncovered when a 14 year old victim
finally told her parents about the abuse
[Music]
for this alone he could and should have
been sent to jail for life but no one
counted on the reach of Epstein's
influence we had no idea who this person
was at the time anything about him we
advised her and that Shinya to go to
police and to tell her story to police
Palm Beach lawyer Spencer Coogan was
shocked by what police uncovered back in
2005 after raiding Epstein's home it
wasn't just one girl in the end they had
testimony from 40 victims whose average
age ranged from 13 to 16 we were able to
amass a whole wealth of evidence we knew
at all amongst them were damning message
pads clearly showing a trade in young
girls scheduling them for massage
appointments he has a teacher for you to
teach you how to speak Russian she is 2
times 8 years old not blond lessons are
free and you can have your first today
if you call
as well flight logs showing girls being
transported aboard Geoffrey's private
plane dubbed the Lolita Express as
compelling as the case was Epstein
fought back using intimidation as his
main weapon he had multiple people that
were out there really digging up dirt on
not only the victims but also the
lawyers the police everyone involved
have you ever come across something like
that before
Danner getting investigators to
investigate the investigators everybody
yep did it work did he scare people away
yeah it definitely worked sadly this is
a man that's now dead and they're still
afraid to come forward but ultimately
there was too much evidence for
authorities to ignore they had to act
but Epstein with an army of lawyers
negotiated a slap on the wrist and slap
in the face four victims instead of
admitting to child sex abuse
Epstein agreed to plead guilty to a
lesser charge of soliciting a minor for
prostitution and in 2008 was sentenced
to a mere 18 months in a Florida jail
they basically turned victims into
prostitutes these were girls with
absolutely no history and no past to
brand them that in a plea with him was
just for lack of a better term
disgusting he was a pedophile accusing
his victims of being prostitutes he
turned the tables completely absolutely
[Music]
this is where Jeffrey Epstein served his
sentence but really he only slept here
if Epstein had been your average sex
offender he would have automatically
been denied work release but instead
being Epstein he was allowed out six and
then seven days a week 12 hours a day
driven by chauffeur to his downtown
office where it said he was attended to
by two young victims he flew in from New
York back here at the jail the special
treatment extended to being housed in
his own private wing protected by his
own private bodyguards so for Jeffrey
Epstein this prison sentence was pretty
much business as usual throughout this
whole case there's never been justice
and it started back in 2008 with the
secret plea deal that Jeffrey was
offered by the state of Florida apart
from his light prison sentence no one
knew what else
Epstein had negotiated in his secret
Florida deal it turned out he'd wrangled
full immunity against any other charges
for himself and his co-conspirators the
final outrage victims like Kourtney wild
were never to be told of the deal how do
you feel about that to be sexually
abused by a man and that have the
government know and then actually you
know Co conspire with the perpetrator to
make sure nothing happens with to him
it's just so it just sounds unreal it
does it except it is real it is real and
it happened to you plus a whole heap of
other women right why do you think the
government did that money power and I
think that there was a lot of people
involved in this this underage minor sex
ring that they were running and I think
everybody wanted it to go away
so you believe that there was a
conspiracy play here oh absolutely
what is your view of authorities signing
up to that that they they're happy to
protect a perpetrator at the cost of the
victims they won't even tell the victims
what's going on it was astonishing at
the time but I know for a fact that the
directive to shut it down came from the
highest levels from DC with Epstein out
of jail and with no criminal a veneer to
them victims could only sue for damages
in pursuing Epstein attorney Spencer
Kervin was intent on rattling the
businessman could you please give us
your name Jeffrey Epstein who until now
had been largely untouchable
is it true sir that you have what's been
described as an egg-shaped penis it's a
killer first question what was your
second question gonna be well my
strategy at the time was that they
wanted him to know that as a lawyer on
behalf of the victims I didn't care who
he was I didn't care how rich he was I
didn't care who he knew or how powerful
he was was that question based on
evidence
it was my position was always how would
a 14 year old girl know what his private
parts look like you know there is no
valid explanation for something like
that
at the time of this humiliation for
Epstein Courtney wild was demanding some
answers - which led to her uncovering
the secret deal between prosecutors and
Epstein ever since she's been fighting
to have the deal overturned basically it
took 11 years litigating back-and-forth
with the government for them to you know
finally declare that yes my rights were
violated and the government was wrong
earlier this year
Courtney won her case keeping the plea
deal from the victims was declared
illegal but the rest of it were
Epstein's co-conspirators are protected
in Florida by immunity stands something
Courtney is now appealing justice needs
to be served people need to be held
accountable it's not okay to sexually
abuse anybody and so for the past 11
years I've just been fighting to get
that message across it doesn't matter
who you are it doesn't matter if you
have money or not you don't deserve to
be treated that way do you feel like
you're being heard yeah so why are you
crying I know I do I do finally feel
like I'm being heard and it's a good
it's a good cry you know and I take
pride in that because it's intimidating
to go against somebody of such power and
wealth but yeah I do feel like my voice
is being heard coming up people who
shouldn't just continue
freed from prison like there was no way
he was just gonna stop he wasn't just
gonna go home and not do that and
reunited with friends in high places
they both think that they can get away
with everything but the women who
suffered expected it other men but I
didn't expect it from a woman refused to
surrender we need to find Ewan
she has no shame she has no heart she
can't hide officer that's next
by 2009 Jeffrey Epstein had served his
sentence in Florida and extraordinarily
lakhs and lenient 13 months when he
could have faced 45 years for his crimes
with his luxury properties and private
planes he traveled when and where he
wanted and old friend
Prince Andrew reconnected with him
despite his sex offender status what do
you think when you see that photo I mean
they're just two of a like mind you know
they both love having sex with young
women they both think that they can get
away with everything that they're above
Society and you know for a long time
Jeffrey was he proved it didn't he
virginia roberts drew Frey says she was
a victim of both men her lawyer David
Boies says she was also a victim of a
system prepared to let Epstein get away
with it
the sacred sweetheart deal in Florida
proof that these young women counted for
nothing and that's one of the most one
of the most disturbing and really
shameful things that people who should
have known better didn't know better
turned a blind eye and and just let him
continue
but Epstein didn't count on the anger of
his victims when they found out about
the secret deal
they took further legal action which in
turn led to the federal authorities
reopening the case what Florida didn't
have the stomach to do New York
certainly did and so on July 6th of this
year Jeffrey Epstein was again arrested
and charged but this time he faced the
prospect of life behind bars
I never thought it was gonna happen I
honestly thought he was just gonna
continue to get away with it over and
over and over again just like he proved
so many times so yeah was it it was like
Christmas in July big time 66 year old
billionaire financier Jeffrey Epstein
was in court today for allegedly
engaging in sex trafficking prize how
serious are these charges against F
Steen David armed with fresh allegations
from new victims authorities charged
Epstein with child sex trafficking and
conspiracy to engage in sex trafficking
raids on his homes in New York and his
Caribbean island uncovered hundreds of
sexually explicit CDs and photographs
many of underage girls it looked like
the game was up
but Epstein pleaded not guilty and
applied for bail which was denied after
the court heard from two victims
including Courtney wild the fact that I
had an influence on him remaining behind
bars was just like so powerful for me
because if anybody knows that man the
way I do if there was no way he was just
gonna stop he wasn't just gonna go home
and not do that he lived the high life
but died in disgrace just a month later
for the final time Epstein proved he
would not be held accountable for his
terrible crimes found dead by suicide in
his jail cell
but how he managed that in such a place
is a mystery he's shocked death raising
suspicions he was a man who knew too
much it's incomprehensible to me how the
American prison system could with
probably its highest profile prisoner
take him off suicide watch remove his
cell mate
not have the guards look in on him
somehow the cameras are turned off
that's just incomprehensible on the
other hand it's inconceivable to me that
somebody could have penetrated the
prison and actually killed him
do you believe that if he had lived the
the justice system would have been able
to hold him yes
no I absolutely and the reason I think
that suicide is plausible is that I
think he knew that the jig was up he was
going to jail and he was going to jail
for a very long time today as they have
power and strength
Epstein's death did not silence his
victims who were invited to share their
pain in open court even though with his
death the criminal case against him had
to be dropped I won't stop fighting I
will never be silenced
until these people are brought to
justice their focus now is on
prosecuting Epstein's alleged
co-conspirators Glenn Maxwell considered
the most prominent and cruel I don't
mean to sound sexist in any way shape or
form but I expected it from a man but I
didn't expect it from a woman and Glenn
Maxwell was a London socialite and
daughter of disgraced media Baron Robert
Maxwell on her father's death she moved
to Manhattan to join her boyfriend
Jeffrey Epstein and according to lawyers
Sigrid McCauley soon became his full
partner in the sex trafficking ring
certainly I would like to see her being
held criminally accountable for what she
did she was an adult she was an active
participant she facilitated it for years
and years she took money from it if she
is held accountable
what is she facing she would be facing
something that would not release her
from jail in my view so is it a matter
right now that no one knows where Ms
Maxwell is or is she hiding out
somewhere or well she's clearly hiding
out we don't know where she is
maybe the prosecutors know where she is
but she can't hide out forever the other
person who has gone to ground is
jean-luc Brunel the French model agent
who is also accused of sexual abuse and
supplying Epstein with underage models
who were conveniently housed in and
trafficked from this New York apartment
block not far from the mansion
this apartment flaw he just had women on
tap he had girls on tap
he had girls on tap Jeffrey told me that
he has slept with over a thousand of
Jean McReynolds models / victims and you
believe that I do
we need to find these people and we need
to hold them accountable we need to find
Gulen you know what the world should be
looking out for her she has no shame she
has no heart she has no conscience there
is no stopping them
coming up it wasn't until they told me I
want you to have a baby the genius
dramatic escape you cannot say no to
these people to Australia I implore the
community that please stand next to me
start holding these monsters Anibal and
why did is not the final chapter final
one of those people I couldn't think
well because it's gonna all come out in
the epstein Sun there will be lawsuits
against his estate lawsuits against the
neighbors and hopefully from the
prosecution that's next on 60 minutes
[Music]
I promise to parents they don't ask
questions and they don't judge you they
just want to be loved back
Virginia Roberts Joe Frey has found
freedom and shelter in Australia
she lives in Far North Queensland a
world away from Jeffrey Epstein and his
sex trafficking ring I get the way of
life and I prefer it here I feel safer
here it's been the place that taught me
how to live again from 16 to 19 Virginia
was at the mercy of Jeffrey Epstein and
Glenn Maxwell entrapped by psychological
chains she could not break until they
made this outrageous proposal so I spent
years with them being manipulated and
abused and used and it wasn't until they
told me I want you to have a baby and
we're gonna give you an allowance but we
also need you to sign a piece of paper
that says this child does not belong to
you and you know I wasn't the maternal
person back then but I was like my womb
is not for sale
but you cannot say no to these people so
I said okay guys no problem but I need
to finish off my education like you guys
originally promised
remarkably epstein agreed paying for
Virginia to study massage in Thailand
but as always there was a catch
they sent me to a Thai massage school
but not only that I had to be in
Thailand to pick up another victim I was
supposed to bring another victim home
instead Virginia met this man Robbie was
over my shoulder
butterfly isn't she's it that's the one
I start off a bet I just knew you know
nice to work my magic
[Laughter]
his magic worked after three days he
proposed after ten they were married
how could you both be so certain of each
other after such a short amount of time
yeah that's the magical question
you're just not personally I knew he was
the one when he told me the people that
are abusing you it's not right and you
don't have to live like that and he was
the first person to tell me that that's
and I knew I knew I'd be with this man
forever
Robbie brought Virginia to Australia
where they're now raising their three
young children their love story stronger
than ever
seventeen years on I just wanted to
start my own life off so I just I was
grateful just to get out just to get out
alive and have a happy life to get out
alive mm-hmm what made you feel life
what was happening I hate abuse alone it
was physical
it was very physical she talked too late
she's the one I learned how to trust
again says she's mine she's my little
warrior but how do you describe this
young woman brave powerful a survivor
do we get know how many young women are
the survivors of Epstein we don't really
know we don't know how many actually
survived dying of drug overdoses and all
the other things that had happened to
voluble children who suffer that kind of
abuse it it's tragic
for the survivors but it is even more
tragic for those who don't survive
Virginia's lawyer David Boies says
amongst the well-heeled and
well-connected here in New York nerves
should be running high if I were one of
those people I wouldn't think well
because it's gonna all come out and and
you don't know when and you don't know
how but you've got to worry that
somebody's gonna talk and certainly
there is more legal action to come there
will be lawsuits against his estate
there will be lawsuits against the
enablers and hopefully there will be
criminal prosecutions that will help
vindicate them so I think all of those
avenues remain and and and we are
pursuing those literally as we speak
[Music]
geoffery Epstein's death is not the end
of the story
there are so many others who still need
to be held to account and so many other
victims suffering in silence
Virginia has set up a foundation to
reach those wounded women and children
and to ultimately stop sex trafficking
what is it that drives you today
Virginia is that the sadness is that the
anger it's a responsibility in my eyes I
mean of course there is sadness there is
anger there are scars that will never
heal ever but to me more than anything
it's a responsibility that I have and I
implore the community to please stand
next to me and help me bring down all
these bad people and if you've got
somebody in your life that's doing this
to you to speak out stand up the times
are changing as they should be and it's
a good time to start holding these
monsters accountable
hello I'm Tara brown thanks for watching
to keep up with the latest from 60
minutes Australia make sure you
subscribe to our Channel
you can also download the 9 now app for
full episodes and other exclusive 60
minutes content